<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="bench_crafting_specifics">
    <title>Bench Crafting Restrictions</title>
    <shortdesc>Requirements to use the Crafting Bench.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <ol>
            <li>
                <p>Bench crafting can only be used with Rare or Unique identified items, but has no restriction on whether they are corrupted or not.</p>
                <p><b>NOTE: </b>The Corrupted items always require the usage of Vaal Orbs in addition to the other orbs used during the crafting process making it more expensive.</p>
            </li>
            <li>The crafting requires a number of orbs of a given type depending on the desired
                outcome.</li>
            <li>An affix can only be added to an item if it has a free slot of the corresponding
                type. For example, a suffix can be added to an item only if it has at least one free
                suffix slot.</li>
            <li>Apart from some specific cases, Bench Crafting provides the option for only one
                affix to be added to the item, even if there are more affix slots available. For
                example, a Rare item with three suffixes can only recieve one prefix even though
                Rare items are allowed to have up to three.</li>
            <li>For the Unique items, Bench Crafting only provides options for socket number, links number, or socket color change. Their affixes are immutable.</li>
        </ol>
        <p><xref href="available_affixes.dita"/></p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
